Investigate the economic development status of townships.
The economics professor who investigates townships.
A form for recording the experiment.
Record the results of the experiment.
The crocodile who ate the tourist.
Ate the tourist's fruit.
Knife for cutting watermelon.
Peel the watermelon.
Eliminate fitness fatigue.
Consequences of stopping fitness.
Killed the landlord's cat.
The killer who killed the landlord.
People who renovate the house.
Renovate the rooms of the house.
Study the architecture of the code.
Architects who study the code.
Combat the gangs of economic crime.
The police who combat economic crimes.
Hamster eating food.
Keep grey hamsters.
The great man who changed the world.
Change the pattern of the world.
The traffic police who investigated the accident.
Investigate the cause of the accident.
Love the process of traveling.
People who love traveling.
Play the climax of the song.
Pianist playing music.
Calculate the total salary.
Accountant who calculates salary.
Sold the hunter's dog.
The hunter who sold the dog.
Assist left-behind children in remote areas.
Volunteers who provide assistance in remote areas.
Hit the ten ring of the target.
Archer hitting the target.
Check bullets of the gun.
Police checking guns.
Study articles of the textbook.
Students studying textbooks.
Stones in three rivers.
Three stones in the river.
Four articles in the newspaper.
Articles in four newspapers.
Two horses on the grass.
Horses on two meadows.
Three batteries of the toy car.
The batteries of three toy cars.
Flowers in a bottle.
A bouquet of flowers in a bottle.
Monks in three temples.
Three monks in the temple.
Eight coins in a wallet.
Coins in eight wallets.
Seven flowers in the pot.
Flowers in seven pots.
Three researchers of the school.
Researchers of three schools.
Six chairs in the room.
Chairs in six rooms.
Two tickets of the concert.
Tickets of two concerts.
Five pairs of socks in the drawer.
Socks in five drawers.
Four pills in the bottle.
Pills in four bottles.
Six walnuts on the tree.
Walnuts on six trees.
Several diaries of girls.
Diaries of several girls.
Several classmates' pencils.
Pencils of several classmates.
Three cattle of the relatives.
The cattle of three relatives.
Four teeth of the cow.
Teeth of four cows.
Seven grains of desert sand.
Sand in the seven deserts.
Perfume in nine boxes.
Nine bottles of perfume in the box.
Did five questions.
Did questions for five minutes.
Selected wood for one hour.
Selected wood of thousand years.
Talked about history for two hours.
Talked about the five thousand years of history.
Painted for three minutes.
Painted six paintings.
Visited the ancient building for five hours.
Visited centuries-old ancient buildings.
Wrote six copybooks.
Wrote copybooks for six days.
Learned foreign language course for five hours.
Learned five foreign language courses.
Admired the ancient village for hours.
Admire the ancient village hundreds of years ago.
Played a tune.
Played tunes for a day.
I read newspapers for ten days.
I read ten newspapers.
The blanket and the legs of the stool were broken.
The sleeves of his clothes and the shoes were dirty.
The chairs and the screens of computers need to be neatly arranged.
Computers on the table and sofa should be turned on.
Police and the security guards of the mall communicated outside the building.
Fish and birds in the sky are his prey.
The lungs of both humans and animals are used for breathing.
The sea and the clouds in the sky reflect each other.
Paper and rusted copper coins were unearthed.
The doctor and the patient's family communicate patiently.
Got my marriage certificate with you.
In the photo is me and my sister.
Both men's and women's faces need pampering.
The colors of mountains and water are harmonious.
The origin of the bread and the milk is the same.
The bird met the fish in the sea.
Saw the junction of the sky and the sea.
Explain the difference between chicken and goose.
Explain the principle and production steps.
Contrast deer antlers with rhino horns.